Update configandcategorize - Supplier info.md (#583)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/sync-for-expenses/configandcategorize.md

</ul>

- Suppliers can be set at the configuration level and also at the [transaction level](https://docs.codat.io/sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/create-expense-dataset#request-body).

>     - By setting the supplier at the transaction level you will be able to override the configuration supplier, in order to sync to a more accurate   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - By setting the supplier at the transaction level, you will be able to override the configuration supplier in order to sync to a more accurate representation of who the spend should be associated with in the accounting platform.
```

>       representation of who the spend should be associated with in the accounting platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</ul>

- Suppliers can be set at the configuration level and also at the [transaction level](https://docs.codat.io/sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/create-expense-dataset#request-body).
    - By setting the supplier at the transaction level, you will be able to override the configuration supplier in order to sync to a more accurate representation of who the spend should be associated with in the accounting platform.
    - If no supplier is set at the transaction level, the spend will have the config supplier set as a default against it. 

>     - The currency associated with the supplier must match the currency associated with the spend. This is validated by Codat, but does not validate against suppliers which allow for multiple currencies.  

Reviewer: do i understand this right? codat validates that supplier currency matches spend currency, but if a supplier supports many currencies, then codat does not validate against spend currency?

Reviewer: because if so, we should reword the sentence to make it clearer

Author: Yeah you can sometimes set a supplier in an accounting platform to work with multiple currencies. We don't validate for this. We only work with supplier which have one set currency.

>     - The currency associated with the supplier must match the currency associated with the spend. This is validated by Codat, but does not validate against suppliers which allow for multiple currencies.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The currency associated with the supplier must match the currency associated with the spend. Codat validates the match for suppliers with a single set currency, but not for suppliers that work with multiple currencies.  
```
